ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/networkaccess-connectivity.md

---
title: "connectivity resource type"

> description: "connectivity is a top level entity under networkAccess which represent all connectivity components in Global Secure Access"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A top level entity that represents all connectivity components in the Global Secure Access service."
```

author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# connectivity resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> connectivity is a top level entity under networkAccess which represent all connectivity components in Global Secure Access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A top level entity that represents all connectivity components in the Global Secure Access service.
```

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |[List branches](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-list-branches.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md) collection|Get the branch resources from the branches navigation property.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[List branches](../api/networkaccess-connectivity-list-branches.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md) collection|Get the branch resources from the branches navigation property.|
```

|[Create branchSite](../api/networkaccess-connectivity-post-branches.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md)|Create a new branch object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |id|String|Id Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |webCategories|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.webCategory](../resources/networkaccess-webcategory.md) collection|A web category is a group or classification of websites that share similar characteristics or content.	|

Reviewer: webCategories isn't live.
```suggestion
|id|String|Identifier. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
```

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |branches|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md) collection|branchSite represent locations for connectivity|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|branches|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md) collection|branchSite represent locations for connectivity.|
```

## JSON representation
The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.entity",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json

> {
>   "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity",
>   "id": "String (identifier)",
>   "webCategories": [
>     {
>       "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.networkaccess.webCategory"
>     }
>   ]
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity",
  "id": "String (identifier)"
}
```

|[Get connectivity](../api/networkaccess-connectivity-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity](../resources/networkaccess-connectivity.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity](../resources/networkaccess-connectivity.md) object.|
|[Update connectivity](../api/networkaccess-connectivity-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity](../resources/networkaccess-connectivity.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity](../resources/networkaccess-connectivity.md) object.|
|[Delete connectivity](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-delete-connectivity.md)|None|Delete a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.connectivity](../resources/networkaccess-connectivity.md) object.|
|[List branches](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-list-branches.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md) collection|Get the branchSite resources from the branches navigation property.|

> |[Create branchSite](../api/networkaccess-connectivity-post-branches.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md)|Create a new branchSite object.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|[Create branch](../api/networkaccess-connectivity-post-branches.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.branchSite](../resources/networkaccess-branchsite.md)|Create a new branchSite object.|
```
